{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12240\viewh15840\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Team Name: AI9000\
Team Member who submits: Alex Lang\
Team Approach: \
Our team\'92s approach was to build upon as much old code as possible, because we both believed that the idea behind our older homework was spot on; we just didn\'92t get enough time to implement it. We have our project on github and we both assigned tasks to ourselves in separate files, so we could work simultaneously. For our algorithm, we decided to use chunking and regex parsing. We first fetch the correct sentence, and then from there we search for a phrase within the sentence. We have different regex parses for each \'93WH\'94 word \'93what\'94, \'93when\'94, \'93who\'94, etc. We didn\'92t have time to finish the algorithm, but in theory it would match the answer string that was closest to the most words in the question, which were contained in the answer sentence. We had to end up picking the first result only, due to lack of time.\
Own Contribution: \
My contribution to this assignment was to make sure that all the pipes and communication between the files was working well. I planned out the main algorithm we used and I implement how the regex parsing would return the correct answer phrases. I also wrote code for filtering the answer phrases to choose the most correct one; however, I didn\'92t have time to finish this algorithm as it had bugs, and so scrapped it. I ended up programming the first answer to return, and we got 55% accuracy, which is not epically bad. If I implement my algorithm, I predict the accuracy to rise by 20%.\cf3 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3  I was trying to plan things out and organize the way we have our file structure, as well.}